[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Jean and Nadia's
troubles continued on the waves
as Grandis and her henchmen
gave chase
in their experimental
watercraft,
the Gratan.
After a clever escape,
Jean took Nadia and King
to his workshop in Le Havre
where he showed her
his newest invention.
But the wicked trio
was not far behind
in their always
surprising vehicle.
Our heroes made
yet another daring getaway.
Unfortunately, engine failure
forced them to crash land
in the Atlantic Ocean.
Will they stay afloat
long enough
to learn the secret
of Blue Water?
[thunder rumbling]
Jean, it can't stay
above water much longer.
And it will sink that
much faster
if we don't continue
bailing it out.
Hmm?
[sighs]
I wish I was as carefree
as King.
[purring]
Look,
something's moving out there.
[ships horn blowing]
Thank heavens!
Ship sighted, dead ahead.
Ship in distress.
Where?
Full stop, 15 degrees to port.
Holland,
prepare the rescue party.
Aye.
[boat horn honks]
They've seen us.
We are saved.
Ahoy!
Oh, wow.
[seaman] Ahoy!
Are you the only ones
aboard your vessel?
Yes!
We are two children and a lion!
[seaman] Understood.
Can you maneuver
your vessel closer to the ship?
Yes! Yes, of course.
That's a funny
looking boat you have there.
It barely looks seaworthy.
Well, it's not.
It's an aircraft.
Aircraft?
Then shouldn't
it be flying up in the sky?
Uh-hmm.
[seaman] Secure it well, boys.
[door creaks open]
As you were, my boy.
As you were.
Aye.
Welcome aboard the Abraham.
I am Captain Melville.
This is Holland, my first mate.
We wish to thank you very
much for rescuing us,
Captain Melville.
[laughs] There's no
need to thank an officer
for performing
his sworn duty, son.
Did you design
that aircraft yourself?
Well, I did have
some help from my uncle.
Aye.
Well, I hope you will satisfy
our curiosity and allow us
to take a closer
look at your handiwork.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
-Webster?
-Aye.
Now then, tell me how you three
ended up adrift in the ocean.
Aye.
I think I get the picture, son.
These three reprobates
are chasing after her, huh?
That's right.
I cannot tolerate people
who would treat children
in such a manner.
[sneezes]
I think someone's
talking about us right now.
-I'm so beautiful.
-How can they help themselves?
-Hey!
Sanson, you know
the word beautiful was coined
just for me?
Uh-uh. Oh, but
you're wrong, madame.
It's for me.
The world is heading to
a new century
and these two are
still stuck in the...
Oh. Someone tell
me why I hired you!
Now find
that little brat for me!
-Right!
[Sanson] Hey. At
least it stopped raining.
It's a lovely day, isn't it?
Oh. What's this?
It's the battleship
the Americans built
to destroy the sea monsters.
[Grandis] Oh.
We'd be wise to
steer clear of that then.
It's too big. Oh.
The airplane?
-Found her!
-Let me see.
We can drop you off in France
in about three days or so.
Oh. Thank you very much, sir.
I've never been
on a real battleship before.
So would
you mind if I look around?
Well, of course
you can. Treat yourself.
[gasps] Oh, thank you, Captain.
-Ayerton?
-Sir?
Why don't you keep an eye
on our little guests?
Aye.
Ma'am,
you're not actually going to
attack the battleship, are you?
But of course.
We must get my hands
on the Blue Water, right?
[groaning]
[seaman] Unknown ship
80 degrees off port stern.
Where?
Ah.
I believe that's the steel ship
of which the children spoke.
Holland, go get the children.
Tell them we have
more visitors.
Aye aye.
What? We're going to the bridge?
That's right. Captain's orders.
Okay.
Wow!
Amazing.
Tell me, what are the exact
measurements of this battleship,
Mr. Ayerton?
Huh? Well, that is
classified information, Jean.
Darn.
What's wrong, Nadia?
Aren't you excited
by all of this?
These warships are designed
to kill people.
I don't find it exciting.
Why do you?
Oh. Yes, you're right.
Whoa.
Ah, you're here.
Looks like
someone is still following you.
Hmm?
[Ayerton] Huh?
That is Grandis
and her bullies, all right.
They must've
followed us into the ocean.
All right, then.
Holland, fire a volley of
warning shots over their bow
-to show that we mean business.
-Sir!
Prepare the main cannons.
Prepare main cannons for fire.
Uh, ma'am,
I think it might be wise
to keep our distance from it.
If we keep our distance, how
will we ever catch up with them?
And if they blow us up,
what difference will that make?
And what you fail to understand
is that we'll never have
the Blue Water
if we don't take the bold risks!
[groaning]
What are those?
Those are brand
new rotating gun turrets.
They power them with hydraulics.
Well, they look
pretty frightening.
-Oh, no!
-[screams]
[explosion]
I thought
they always fire a warning shot!
[laughs] I bet
that took them by surprise.
What a horrible ship.
Begin our counterattack!
-Right!
[thrilling music playing]
Fire!
[cannons firing]
My poor Gratan.
Please make it stop!
Ah!
[cannons firing]
[sobs]
That does it.
Show them the white flag.
Are you sure?
Of course I'm sure.
This isn't worth dying for.
[laughs] They should've
done that long ago.
-Holland.
-[Holland] Aye.
Haul them aboard by crane
and we'll turn them over
to the French police.
Sir.
-Oh, those poor people.
[groaning]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[jazz music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Delicious.
You're already finished?
My word.
Uh-hmm. I was pretty hungry.
And the food was so good.
Thank you for the compliments.
I'll make sure
and pass it along to the cook.
Uh, but I thought
you prepared this meal for us?
Oh, no.
No, sir.
I'm just a plain old scientist.
-You're a scientist?
-Yes.
And I've been stationed here
on board the Abraham
under special orders given to me
by President Benjamin Harrison
of the United States of America.
I'm Professor Ayerton
and I'm at your service.
Ahem.
Ah, so that is why
you're not in Navy White.
Exactly.
Now then,
did you know that there are only
two kinds of living beings?
Tasty ones and the rest.
That's right.
Take this fish.
It's tasty. So
it's the first kind.
You have barely
touched your food, Nadia.
Is there
something wrong with it?
I'm not hungry.
How can you pass
up such luscious food?
Nadia, you must
understand something.
There are three great things,
food, deep sleep, and play.
Those three things
a healthy person cannot neglect
any of those important elements
of a good life.
So, you must eat.
I do.
But my happiness
should not depend
on the sacrifice
of a living creature.
Oh, I see.
So, you're a vegetarian.
Now it makes sense.
What do you mean?
You don't know?
It means she won't eat fish
or animal flesh.
You won't?
Is that true?
Then why do
you let King eat meat?
Because he's different.
Well, let me tell
you about my mission.
What? Are you allowed to?
Sure. But you must promise
that it will remain a secret
between the three of us.
Yes, you can count on us.
I'm heading up a hunt
for the giant sea monsters
that are attacking ships
all over the world.
My uncle was
telling me about that.
He was?
Yes! He read
it in the newspaper.
[sighs]
I see.
There is no reason to worry,
because the sea monsters
cannot read the Paris Newspaper.
Huh? Right.
But it's supposed
to be a military secret.
The sea monsters
don't stand a chance
against this
magnificent battleship.
Hmm.
[alarm blaring]
-[gasps]
-Oh!
[man] Sea monster sighted
45 degrees off port bow,
bearing 104!
All men report to
battle stations!
Aye!
Man all battle stations!
Repeat, man all battle stations!
Man all battle stations
sea monster sighted!
Man all battle stations!
[indistinct chatter]
[Ayerton] We'd better go too.
[screaming]
[captain] Over there!
[suspenseful music playing]
Yes, we've found you at last.
Providence smiles on us.
Open all cannon ports!
Target moving on portside!
-Await my order!
-Prepare to fire!
No! Don't hurt it!
What's that?
You shouldn't destroy
an innocent living creature!
Just leave it alone!
Don't be foolish.
That beast is the enemy
of every sailor on the ocean.
Leave my bridge.
[sighs]
[man] Distance
and direction calculated.
All turrets trained on target,
awaiting command.
Ballistic officers report full
readiness,
target distance 12,000 meters
moving 30 knots.
That's impossible!
No blasted sea creature
can swim faster than my vessel.
-Awaiting your command, Captain.
-Hmm.
That scourge, it ran!
Strange.
It acts as
though it's being chased.
They can't touch it?
Oh, good.
Quiet! Get out!
[Jean] If you hadn't bothered
the Captain,
he wouldn't have chased us off.
[Nadia] We couldn't just
stand there
and let them kill
that creature.
Could we, King?
[purring]
Oh, I see.
You're just wondering what
you'll have for breakfast,
aren't you?
You can
understand what he thinks?
Uh-hmm. And
some other animals too.
I wasn't able to understand
the sea creature.
But I tried to.
So you can read
the thoughts of good animals.
And that one's bad.
Those sea creatures have lived
peacefully since antiquity,
but they suddenly become
a threat
when man decides to
invade their home.
Hey. Why are you arguing?
Where's the sea monster, huh?
Didn't you see?
Uh, I was busy in the kitchen
and I missed the whole thing.
But what were
you doing in the kitchen?
Huh? Uh, I was cooking up food
for the sea monster, you see?
[laughs]
The sea creature eat sausages?
Yeah, but it's
a military secret.
Hey!
Sausages?
I know King likes them.
[munching]
Why is everything
on this ship so secret?
That's just
the way it is in the military.
Watch this. I'll make
the sea monster come back.
-[Jean] Hmm?
-[Nadia] Hmm?
[water splashes]
There it is!
[suspenseful music playing]
Look! It's another one!
It stands to
reason that for a species
to survive for
10s of 1,000s of years,
there must be both a male
and a female to procreate.
So, the other
one must be its mate!
You're an oceanographer.
[all gasps]
[gasps] They disappeared again!
They dove under the surface!
Sea monsters
belong to class mammalian.
They have to come up for air,
so they'll be back.
They're coming toward us!
[man] Sea monster approaching,
90 degrees off
port stern at 32 knots!
Is it in range
of the main cannon?
It's moved beyond their reach,
Captain!
-Secondary!
-[man] Too close!
God, help us.
Look out! It's gonna...
[rumbles]
[screaming]
[water splashes]
[man] Second
compartment creased.
[man] Ship is
listing, man the pumps!
[man] Water reported
in third counter-arsenal.
[captain] This is impossible.
This vessel is clad
in the strongest steel.
How can a beast of flesh
and blood breakthrough that?
What in heaven's name
is that infernal beast?
The monster's
turning back to starboard!
Foul creature!
Starboard cannon,
commence firing!
[cannons fires]
[explosions]
Hey! Did you hear that sound?
I did but where's the other one?
Under us.
That one must be
chasing the other one.
Are we sinking?
There's no need
to worry about that
on the newest battleship
in the American Navy.
He's right.
The USS Abraham was built
using the latest technology,
so how can it possibly sink?
I hope the sea
creatures aren't hurt.
[explosions]
Direct hit!
Look!
It's still able to submerge!
Please swim away quickly
before they hurt you again.
[explosion]
[man] Sea monster sighted,
40 degrees off starboard bow.
Change course.
Hard to starboard!
Turn hard to starboard!
[captain] How can it take
a direct hit of heavy artillery
and still be alive?
[man] Object approaching
90 degrees off starboard bow!
Now what?
What's that?
-How can it be?
-It can't.
[explosions]
[screaming]
[Nadia screams]
[Jean] Nadia!
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Vessel is listing
seven degrees to starboard, sir!
[man] Main
turrets cannot rotate!
Steady, men!
All hands report
to pumping stations!
[gasps]
Nadia!
Here, Jean!
Are you all right?
Oh, yes, but I don't know
where King could be.
Oh, no!
Jean, won't they save us?
They must not know
that we were swept overboard.
Mr. Ayerton knows.
There is nothing they can do.
The steering is damaged
and they can't turn around.
Oh, dear. But...
-[King purrs]
-[gasps] King!
[gasps]
[continues purring]
It's King!
Hey! And that is my airplane!
King!
Good thinking, King!
If that was a torpedo
that was fired at the ship,
then I wonder what
the sea monster could really be.
[singing in Japanese]